README.md, before:

[![Clojars Project](https://img.shields.io/clojars/v/com.github.clj-kondo/lein-clj-kondo.svg)](https://clojars.org/com.github.clj-kondo/lein-clj-kondo)

# lein-clj-kondo

A Leiningen plugin to run [clj-kondo](https://github.com/clj-kondo/clj-kondo).

## Rationale

Running clj-kondo through Leiningen has some advantages, since it can compute for you things that would have to be specified by hand otherwise
(and those things can be forgotten, outdated, etc).

There's the tradeoff of startup speed, which might not be as critical in a CI environment as it is in your CLI.

## Installation

Add the plugin to your `project.clj`:

```clojure
:plugins [[com.github.clj-kondo/lein-clj-kondo "0.1.4"]]
```

## Usage

This plugin accepts one of the following patterns:

* `lein clj-kondo`
  * This lints your `:source-paths` and `:test-paths`, as computed by Leiningen.
  * It is necessary that you have analysed the project beforehand (see below)
* `lein clj-kondo <options>`
  * This is a good place to analyse your project, or to lint directories other than the `:source-paths` and `:test-paths`.
  * For more information on all available options, check the [documentation](https://github.com/clj-kondo/clj-kondo/blob/master/doc/config.md).

### Lein CLI

``` bash
$ # 1.- Analyse your project:
$ lein clj-kondo --copy-configs --dependencies --lint $classpath
$ # 2.- Lint your source and test paths:
$ lein clj-kondo
```

### Aliases

You can configure your project.clj to add custom aliases to run specific clj-kondo tasks, below you can find a simple example which first lints the project dependencies and then lints the project code:

```clojure
,,,
:aliases {"clj-kondo-deps" ["clj-kondo" "--copy-configs" "--dependencies" "--lint" "$classpath"]
          "clj-kondo-lint" ["do" ["clj-kondo-deps"] ["clj-kondo"]]}
,,,
```

Commit message:

Recommend activating the `:test` profile

README.md, after:

[![Clojars Project](https://img.shields.io/clojars/v/com.github.clj-kondo/lein-clj-kondo.svg)](https://clojars.org/com.github.clj-kondo/lein-clj-kondo)

# lein-clj-kondo

A Leiningen plugin to run [clj-kondo](https://github.com/clj-kondo/clj-kondo).

## Rationale

Running clj-kondo through Leiningen has some advantages, since it can compute for you things that would have to be specified by hand otherwise
(and those things can be forgotten, outdated, etc).

There's the tradeoff of startup speed, which might not be as critical in a CI environment as it is in your CLI.

## Installation

Add the plugin to your `project.clj`:

```clojure
:plugins [[com.github.clj-kondo/lein-clj-kondo "0.1.4"]]
```

## Usage

This plugin accepts one of the following patterns:

* `lein clj-kondo`
  * This lints your `:source-paths` and `:test-paths`, as computed by Leiningen.
  * It is necessary that you have analysed the project beforehand (see below)
* `lein clj-kondo <options>`
  * This is a good place to analyse your project, or to lint directories other than the `:source-paths` and `:test-paths`.
  * For more information on all available options, check the [documentation](https://github.com/clj-kondo/clj-kondo/blob/master/doc/config.md).

### Lein CLI

``` bash
$ # 1.- Analyse your project:
$ lein with-profile +test clj-kondo --copy-configs --dependencies --lint $classpath
$ # 2.- Lint your source and test paths:
$ lein with-profile +test clj-kondo
```

Activating the `+test` profile is recommended, so that any `:test` dependencies are analysed, increasing linting accuracy.

(Note that the `:dev` profile is already active by default)

### Aliases

You can configure your project.clj to add custom aliases to run specific clj-kondo tasks, below you can find a simple example which first lints the project dependencies and then lints the project code:

```clojure
,,,
:aliases {"clj-kondo-deps" ["with-profile" "+test" "clj-kondo" "--copy-configs" "--dependencies" "--lint" "$classpath"]
          "clj-kondo-lint" ["do" ["clj-kondo-deps"] ["with-profile" "+test" "clj-kondo"]]}
,,,
```
